Yes, I’m Bacha o blogger, you can watch 6 Ukrainians on the stream at a time 6 Ukrainians we have a kinestream We choose Ukraine because I just don’t know how long it takes Let our final chord on the wall to the ground For friends handsome guys damn it on the stick cool end of the stream Damn I call the boys and the normal ones people there in the rooms swell Damn, in general, handsome people, wait, I’ve already said everything and I’ve finished You can kill the damn thing just awesome for it Went today on the stick wider, all sorts of such people know Living people here Forgive me with extraordinary human emotions, in short, I want to sleep a song there Just I’ll say this I really blissed out put the plus signs so that the car you in the chat there you are straight bombs going on boys Igor Lyokha you are just mega handsome you are the soul of Kyiv the most such people of Russians And they think that we will sit lightly and we will have Igor and Lyokha with a guitar and a bright soul Ukraine